Update README.md (#3)
Astrocoders/fullstack-challenge: README.md

# Astrocoders Fullstack Challenge

Hi, thank you for taking on our challenge! We hope that you'll learn a lot, create an awesome project and join the Astrocoders team.

> In this test, we will evaluate the knowledge you already have about ReactJS and your ability to learn new technologies. In order to complete it, you must develop a Gmail interface that loads the last forty tweets containing the **#mars** hashtag and enables the user to filter them using the searchbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this test, we will evaluate the knowledge you already have about ReactJS and your ability to learn new technologies. In order to complete it, you must develop a Gmail interface that loads the last 40 (forty) tweets containing the **#mars** hashtag and enables the user to filter them using the search box.
```

## Please check:

1. The interface that is in the [Layout](#layout) section (which already is simpler than the normal one, of course);
2. The Twitter API (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/api-reference-index.html);
3. The Technical Requisites for your preferred technology that are listed just below.

## Technical Requisites for JavaScript:

1. ReactJS with Hooks (https://reactjs.org/);
2. Ramda (https://ramdajs.com);
3. styled-components (https://styled-components.com);
4. Use TypeScript (https://www.typescriptlang.org/);

Don't
- Use `for` or `while` loops;
- Mutate variables.

## Technical Requisites for ReasonML:

1. ReasonReact with Hooks (https://reasonml.github.io/reason-react/);
2. BuckleScript Belt (https://bucklescript.github.io/bucklescript/api/Belt.html);
3. reason-apollo-hooks (https://github.com/Astrocoders/reason-apollo-hooks);
4. OneGraph (https://onegraph.com) or Prisma.

## Plus

> Search all tweets by tweet (text).

Author: I can't understand what it is asking for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a tweet to see replies.
```
